Example structure

```
# zfs list     
NAME                                                                               USED  AVAIL     REFER  MOUNTPOINT
tank                                                                               754M  25.9G       96K  none
tank/containers                                                                   5.54M  25.9G      316K  /var/lib/containers
tank/containers/7cd52847ad775a5ddc4b58326cf884beee34544296402c6292ed76474c686d39  5.15M  25.9G     5.15M  legacy
tank/containers/b45a7d913269693881280bc0f16b861fa39a224153f88db27d32b1dab2e6f29f    88K  25.9G     5.15M  legacy
tank/home                                                                           96K  25.9G       96K  /home
tank/lxd                                                                           746M  25.9G       96K  legacy
tank/lxd/buckets                                                                    96K  25.9G       96K  legacy
tank/lxd/containers                                                               10.6M  25.9G       96K  legacy
tank/lxd/containers/dynamic-crab                                                  10.5M  25.9G      735M  legacy
tank/lxd/custom                                                                     96K  25.9G       96K  legacy
tank/lxd/deleted                                                                   576K  25.9G       96K  legacy
tank/lxd/deleted/buckets                                                            96K  25.9G       96K  legacy
tank/lxd/deleted/containers                                                         96K  25.9G       96K  legacy
tank/lxd/deleted/custom                                                             96K  25.9G       96K  legacy
tank/lxd/deleted/images                                                             96K  25.9G       96K  legacy
tank/lxd/deleted/virtual-machines                                                   96K  25.9G       96K  legacy
tank/lxd/images                                                                    735M  25.9G       96K  legacy
tank/lxd/images/72565f3fbae414d317b90569b6d7aa308c482fdf562aaf0c2eaa6e50fa39747b   735M  25.9G      735M  legacy
tank/lxd/virtual-machines                                                           96K  25.9G       96K  legacy
````


